Add release notes for lighthouse PR #1430 (#1068)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/community/releases/_index.en.md

  gateways, use the Load Balancer mode instead.
* Removed the `generic` option from `subctl cloud prepare` that was previously deprecated in v0.15.0. To label gateway nodes, use
  `subctl join` instead.

> * Fixed an issue in Service Discovery which could result in stale endpoint IPs returned from DNS queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue in Service Discovery where stale endpoint IPs, corresponding to services that no longer exist, were returned from DNS queries.
```
